Finn Mertens belongs to the Candy Kingdom.
Finn Mertens has class Hero.
Jake The Dog belongs to the Candy Kingdom.
Jake The Dog has class Magic Dog.
Princess Bubblegum rules over the Candy Kingdom.
Princess Bubblegum has class Scientist.
Marceline The Vampire Queen lives in the Cave.
Marceline The Vampire Queen has class Vampire.
Marceline The Vampire Queen is allied with Princess Bubblegum.
Ice King lives in the Ice Kingdom.
Ice King has class Wizard.
Ice King is enemies with Finn Mertens.
BMO lives in the Tree Fort.
BMO has class Robot.
The Tree Fort is in the Grass Lands.
Finn Mertens lives in the Tree Fort.
Jake The Dog lives in the Tree Fort.
Lumpy Space Princess lives in Lumpy Space.
Lumpy Space Princess belongs to the Royalty.
The Lich is enemies with the Candy Kingdom.
The Lich lives in the Time Room.
Flame Princess rules over the Fire Kingdom.
Flame Princess has class Elemental.
Peppermint Butler serves Princess Bubblegum.
Peppermint Butler is allied with the Dark Arts.
Prismo lives in the Time Room.
Prismo has class Wishmaster.
Lemongrab rules over Castle Lemongrab.
Lemongrab is enemies with Princess Bubblegum.
Finn Mertens is allied with Jake The Dog.
Lady Rainicorn belongs to the Crystal Dimension.
Lady Rainicorn is allied with Princess Bubblegum.
Lady Rainicorn has class Rainicorn.
Princess Bubblegum belongs to the Candy Elementals.
Flame Princess belongs to the Fire Elementals.
Slime Princess rules over the Slime Kingdom.
Slime Princess belongs to the Slime Elementals.
Slime Princess has class Elemental.
Patience St. Pim belongs to the Ice Elementals.
Patience St. Pim has class Elemental.
Hunson Abadeer rules over the Nightosphere.
Hunson Abadeer has class Demon.
Marceline The Vampire Queen is allied with Hunson Abadeer.
The Nightosphere is in the Underworld.
Magic Man lives in Mars.
Magic Man has class Wizard.
King of Mars rules over Mars.
King of Mars has class Deity.
Grob Gob Glob Grod serves King of Mars.
Grob Gob Glob Grod lives in Mars.
Betty Grof has class Human.
Betty Grof is allied with Simon Petrikov.
Simon Petrikov has class Human.
Simon Petrikov is allied with Marceline The Vampire Queen.
Tree Trunks lives in the Apple Orchard.
Tree Trunks has class Elephant.
Mr. Pig is allied with Tree Trunks.
Mr. Pig lives in the Apple Orchard.
Sweet P lives in the Apple Orchard.
Sweet P has class Lich Reincarnation.
The Enchiridion is in the Mount Cragdor.
Finn Mertens is allied with The Enchiridion.
Martin Mertens has class Human.
Martin Mertens is enemies with Finn Mertens.
Minerva Campbell lives in Founders Island.
Minerva Campbell has class Doctor.
Founders Island is in the Ocean.
Susan Strong lives in Beautopia.
Susan Strong has class Hyooman.
Beautopia is in the Underground.
Frieda lives in Founders Island.
Fern has class Grass Demon.
Fern is enemies with Finn Mertens.
GOLB has class Chaos Deity.
GOLB is enemies with Ooo.
Candy Kingdom is in Ooo.
Ice Kingdom is in Ooo.
Fire Kingdom is in Ooo.
Slime Kingdom is in Ooo.
Breakfast Kingdom is in Ooo.
Breakfast Princess rules over the Breakfast Kingdom.
Cinnamon Bun serves Flame Princess.
Cinnamon Bun lives in the Fire Kingdom.
Rattleballs lives in the Candy Kingdom Dump.
Rattleballs has class Robot.
Rattleballs is allied with Princess Bubblegum.
James serves Princess Bubblegum.
James has class Candy Person.
Choose Goose lives in the Grass Lands.
Choose Goose has class Merchant.
Neptr lives in the Tree Fort.
Neptr has class Robot.
Neptr is allied with Ice King.
Gunther serves Ice King.
Gunther has class Penguin.
Gunther is allied with GOLB.
Cosmic Owl lives in the Cosmic Motel.
Cosmic Owl has class Cosmic Entity.
Cosmic Owl is allied with Prismo.
Flame King is enemies with Flame Princess.
